the cameron highlands is Malaysia's
answer to the horrendous heat and
choking humidity that plagues the rest
of the peninsula at an altitude between
four and six thousand feet the average
temperature varies from 50 degrees to 70
degrees Fahrenheit making not only a
very pleasant place to live but very
profitable place to grow one of the
largest and most well-known tea
plantations in Malaysia is the boh tea
plantation which produces 4 million
kilos of tea each year the carefully
trim tea trees cover the rolling hills
like folds of green corduroy laborers
dot the hills with their shears and
woven baskets experienced Pickers can
harvest 200 kilograms of leaves per day
which is enough to produce 45 kilograms
of tea the beautiful bow estate can now
be visited to see the plantation get a
factory tour and sample the products the
first process used to manufacture the
tea is withering which is achieved by
spreading the leaves and troughs with
perforated beds while out blown dry air
to remove some of the moisture rolling
the leaves with machines called roto
veins crushes the leaf cells in order to
expose the juices to oxidation
fermentation of the leaves is done by
spreading the leaves onto trays
fermenting
was very very good
it's smelling good spank really the
aromatic drying with 120 degrees Celsius
wood-fired air stops a fermentation
process and reduces the moisture content
sorting the leaves by using hydrostatic
machines allows the stems to be removed
and the leaves to be separated by great
this is the final product after saying
goodbye to Beau we visited a few of the
many nurseries in the highlands there's
lots of flowers here hang on look at all
these party flyers see the flare up
flares here in cameron highlands
cacti galore lots of cactus cacti
knocking knocking pedals off these pics
hey Kate I didn't look those are there
before wrong of course what would any
real nursery be without Corning lawn
ornament the butterfly garden in the
cameron highlands has a phenomenal 300
species of butterflies endemic to the
highland area
the butterflies are pretty neat but the
other varieties of reptiles and insects
that can be found in the region are
really amazing very annoying rhinoceros
beetle
what do you have there rhino beetle and
giant warble beetle from them right I
remember I can treat you comfortable
great angle head desert I'm sporting
your nice brand new movie feed bracelet
this is moving me on John okay it's an
insect notice not I'm movingly hmm it's
been dating sec cool huh but um he just
looks like a leaf so that's got wings
ready or so you goes away we caused this
dish